[SchemaRegistry] avro docs update (#21721)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/schemaregistry/azure-schemaregistry-avroserializer/README.md

### Serialization

Use `AvroSerializer.serialize` method to serialize dict data with the given avro schema.

> The method would use a schema previously registered to the Schema Registry service and keep the schema cached for future serialization usage. It is also possible to avoid pre-registering the schema to the service and automatically register with the `serialize` method by passing in the keyword argument `auto_register_schemas=True`.

Reviewer: thanks for making it clear! probably I would go a bit further with something like, otherwise it makes me feel it's the serialize method taking `auto_register_schemas`:
```suggestion
The method would use a schema previously registered to the Schema Registry service and keep the schema cached for future serialization usage. It is also possible to avoid pre-registering the schema to the service and automatically register with the `serialize` method by instantiating the `AvroSerializer` with keyword argument `auto_register_schemas=True`.
```

Author: ah good catch!
